## Show and Tell for Grown Ups

Last night was the inaugural Show and Tell for Grown Ups, and it was just a special night. There were nine show and tellers, and another nine or so spectators (including my 21 month old son who everyone was very gracious towards). People showed projects and hobbies close to their hearts. People shared life stories, and memories, and invited us to be a part of their communities for a moment. I saw things that I had never heard of before, and enjoyed an air of positivity amongst strangers that I haven't felt for a while.

I was initially worried that the meetup might be too tech heavy given the circles that I run in, so I was pleasantly surprised to find that thread and yarn was featured in the first three show and tells (should I abbreviate this as SaTs? shows doesn't seem right, and I don't want to say projects or something like that), and four SaTs overall. Comparatively there were only two tech show and tells, and in their defence, one also featured yarn, and the other a magic wand.

Do you know what a glucophone is? I didn't. It's also called a tongue drum... which I also didn't know. I also didn't know that Cindarella's big spinning setup wasn't invented until the 16th century so all of my civ's caravels' ropes were handspun. And while I did know about laminar flows, I had never seen one before last night.

People shared memories of family members, and gave us a glimpse of their communities, and how art and creation has helped them with loss. Grown up themes to be sure, but a good reminder that we can get through things together.

A former substitute teacher showed us some of the found art he's collected from schools throughout the years. There was a particularly cutting mini-zine about, dedicated to, tearing down, and then, psych!, in support of one Lila J. 

And of course, I believe they take away your Portland meetup card if you don't include erotic embroidery in some way. Thankfully we cleared that bar. I don't know if that show and teller sells their work, but I do know they're a redditor, and I have no qualms with them linking to it here as I'm sure some Portland homes could benefit.

We also got to meet Sebastian. A colorful last minute show and tell. iykykyk. 

I didn't really know what to expect, but the night exceeded all of my expectations. The word I heard from a few people is that it was a special night. The kind that, quite frankly, I'm not sure I've had since my life transitioned from the times of recess and show and tell to adulthood. There was no hustle, no grind, no forced networking last night, just people sharing passion and knowledge with curious individuals. It was magical.

We're gonna be doing it monthly. Join [the meetup group](https://www.meetup.com/show-and-tell-for-grown-ups-pdx/?eventOrigin=find_page&recSource=group_search&recId=08b3f6d0-f8cf-4217-8afa-5e2613ac2b97&searchId=c7e68205-a4d9-405c-9a63-800e2c9794a7). We're going to rotate what day of the week it's held on so people with conflicts on one day can attend some months. You can also [join the discord](https://discord.gg/TKEKyeH3). 

Hope to see you there! 
